Hello Andre,

Right off the bat, I'll let you know my favorite fruit is pineapple, to get that out of the way. As for the rest of my application, it is as follows:

Name: Gabriel Jimenez
Age: 23
D&D / RPG Experience: Only 5e, but I have many hours as both DM and player on Roll20. Many computer RPG games, but no other tabletops
Time Zone you live in: East coast, so EDT atm (3 hours ahead of pacific)
Can you make the time stated above?  Your time works perfectly for me
Class or classes desired to play (please have two just in case!) I have many characters rolled, so I am sure I can find something that fits the party. That being said, what I am really itching to play is a wizard, or if that isn't available then a druid.
Appearance: A tall man with a large duster is all the everyday passerby might glimpse before moving on. But upon closer inspection the oddities begin to reveal themselves. Underneath the duster a set of bandoliers criss cross his chest, holding a series of small clay flasks. As the trench coat sways you get glimpses of what appears to be ... folded rope? Catching yourself staring you quickly return your eyes to the strangers face, yet you are only faced by more riddles. The  left side of his face is tattooed with a strange rune, while the right side is hidden behind an odd mask. Even more striking is the eye behind the mask. While its pair is a striking bright blue, this eyes is darkened, its iris a contrasting white. At first you assume it is blind, yet as he approaches you see it turn to meet your gaze.

Back story about your character/characters? [My backstories are extensive as writing up compelling backgrounds is one of my favorite parts of DND, so I will just put the wizard's] 
[TL;DR because I got carried away] Aleksei T. Melikov was a genius arcane researcher. He and his mentor found the magical theory to explain the existence of 'The Weave'. Aleksei continued researching and found that the gods were the ones that put the Weave in place, and he felt that it was to limit the access of mortals to the raw energy existing beyond. He thought that was a disservice to the beings inhabiting the mortal plane. He felt mocked very universe he had looked upon with such wonder, as if it had given him a trick question to solve. He vowed to stand up against these unjust beings, saw them as oppressors. But his mentor didn't think the same, told Aleksei to discontinue his research. Aleksei did not, instead planning an arcane ritual to disrupt the Weave. The ritual goes horribly wrong, marring one side of Aleksei’s face. In truth, he only survived due to his mentor intervening. The guards, sensing the commotion, see what has transpired and take Aleksei and his mentor to face the Tribunal. Aleksei tried to explain what the gods were doing, but he quickly realized the trial was a farce, the Tribunal had known all along. They had sided with the gods. He was found guilty of his crimes and sentenced to banishment to the shadowfell. His mind filled with questions, Aleksei is forced through a planar rift, and his consciousness fades.

Aleksei T.(Tariyelovich) Melikov, human prodigy since birth, he was always interested in the world around him. He looked with wonder upon the universe that surrounded him, as if it was a giant puzzle just for him to solve. It seemed only natural that he would develop an early talent for magic, the "science" of miracles. However, even in his approach at sorcery he was different from those before him. Where others seemed content with their magical abilities and the marvels they'd create, Aleksei just had two questions: 'How?' and 'Why?'. His brilliant mind and aptitude for magic, landed him straight in the most prestigious instituation for the research of magical theory, as the pupil of the esteemed Grand Arcanotheorist Ignilious Thermaflux. Ignilious wasn't just a mentor to Aleksei, he was his best friend, and the only other person he ever truly felt an intellectual connection with. Together they expanded the boundaries of magic theory. Defining a system of rules and guidelines where others had simply seen impossible miracles. One auspicious day they stand huddled over their latest arcane experiment, gripping their research notes so tightly that their knuckles turn white, and then... they relax... a breakthrough... papers go flying every which way, mentor and pupil jump and hug in excitement. They'd figured it out, the nature behind the science of miracles. Unknowingly they'd systematically defined the Weave of Magic, a channel through which interdimensional raw energy is funneled into the world as 'magic' and creates localized miracles. His master, having completed the work of a lifetime, had enough to call his research finished, but Aleksei felt this wasn't enough, the Weave was just a channel, a stepping stone to something else. Leaving his mentor to be fawned over by his contemporaries, Aleksi continued his research, alone this time. However, two minds were definitely greater than one, Aleksei met with obstacle after obstacle, everytime he thought he had a solution, he proved himself mistaken. Then one day, out of desperation he revisited an idea that seemed ludicruous to him, 'what if it is really just a miracle?'. He did away with all his previous notes beyond the discovery of the Weave, and soon found his answer. The common folk had actually been right all along, by pure coincidental faith. The source of 'magic' and that raw energy behind the Weave had one simple answer: the gods. Aleksei felt cheated 'Why should the gods be the ones that have control over that energy?'. He felt that just because they accessed the energy first, didn't give them the right to limit mortal's ability to tap into it themselves. He saw the Weave as an afront on the cosmic fate of mortals, as it limited their ability to access the raw energy in its purest form. At that very moment, Aleksei vowed to stand up against these unjust beings that would oppress those in the mortal plane. Yet his mentor didn't share the same mindset. He insisted Aleksei must have made some mistake, for some of his findings were not compatible with prior research by the Institution's ruling body, the Tribunal. But Aleksei was not one to quit so easily. On his own he devised a plan to disrupt the weave, and confirm his theories over those of the Tribunal. He aimed to use the immense pressure from the raw energy being held back to begin opening the extraplanar lock that was The Weave. However, he was too naive in his crusade, blinded by his fervor and enthusiasm. As he was nearing the end of the arcane undertaking, he noticed something was wrong. One of the instruments he'd calibrated earlier had been shifted out of position, yet he'd noticed too late. Suddenly, the raw energy became unstable and lashed outward, engulfing him in blinding radiance. Excruciating pain shot over the right side of his face, even before he could put up his defensive wards. Thankfully, a worried Ignilious burst into the room at that very moment. With his quick judgement and some help from Aleksei they managed to sever the source of energy from the chain reaction before it reached critical mass. Aleksei was panting on the floor. clutching the right side of his face, but before Ignilious could ask what had transpired, a platoon of guards filled the room. They had been given orders to arrest Aleksei and present him before the Tribunal for the most heinous crimes of treason against the Institution's code, engaging in the practice of rogue conjuration, and conspiracy to commit arcane anarchy. During trial Aleksei tried to explain his actions and prove to the Tribunal what the gods were doing, but they didn’t listen. Instead they painted him as a madman before the jury and his peers, calling him an anarchist, and a lunatic. At that moment Aleksei realized yet another truth, the Tribunal was complicit to the gods’ machinations, his fate was all but sealed. The rest of his trial he fell silent, it was as if he wasn’t himself, but rather was looking down upon another person. He saw as that person was pronounced guilty, and then dragged away in chains to face his sentence. The punishment was to be banishment to the shadowfell, so that “destiny and the gods may decide his fate”. The irony wasn’t lost in him, but Aleksei had other questions in his mind. What would happen to poor Ignilious? How long had the Tribunal known? Why would they side against their own kind? With that final question he was forced through the planar rift, and then… darkness… just endless, eternal darkness, compressing against him from all sides… as his consciousness began to fade, one last question garnered his interest: Why the shadowfell?

Tell me a little about yourself? Well, I consider myself to be a pretty laid back person. Unfortunately, my schedule has suddenly tightened after graduating and finding a job. Hence, I find myself having to be more selective with what I do on my free time, but I just love D&D too much to give it up. Other hobbies include: memes (imgur), programming(job), gym, and writing(D&D story writing is one of my few creative outlets).

If I may, this was a question from one of my first campaigns and I like to include it, as it explains what I am looking for in a D&D campaign (I understand nothing is perfect, so I don't expect any campaign to be like the one below).
What would be the PERFECT campaign: A greatly written story(I am a sucker for epic fantasy)! The PCs are protagonists but don't have to be the center of the universe. There is a framework to the world that would be there even without us, but we play a critical role (reference intended) in the future of the immediate universe we are in. As for D&D mechanics I am fine with any Combat::RP split ranging from (70:30 to 35::65), and difficult but fair is fine to me (I know how hard balancing is, I do not expect perfect encounters the whole way through). If the RP is good, I am in, but I love me some combat to flex those fantasy muscles and roll some dice. In brief, I look to be entertained, there are many ways to achieve that. I LOVED mmorpgs in my youth and recently single player RPGs, but I have just been around the block too many times. I know how the stories go, but DND with its dice rolling and DM director throws a wrench in things, and I love it. As for rules, I like to abide by the rules as they are, but there can be bending for Coolness or Fun, just as long as we are told before hand and doesn't cheapen the experience.

That is all from me, I realized it is very long, but I like to give as much information as possible. After many campaigns, I find it saves time in the long run if both DM and PCs are on the same page.

Best,
Gabriel Jimenez
100g
dungeoneer's pack (12) + grappling hook (2) 14g
Oil x15 pint (15lb; 15s) 14g 15s 
Arcane Focus x1 (10g) 24g 15s
Sling Bullets (x20) (4cp) 24g 15s 4c
Healer's Kit x2 (10gp) 34g 15s 4c
Net x2 (2gp) 38g +4s +6c
-------------
Remaining Gold: 62g 4s 6c