(A bit of context: I wanted to try something different, a more "humble beginnings" approach, but there is plenty of opportunity for plot twists and unknown ancestry if DM wants more grandiose characters) Grew up in a little forest town called Thrynt. "Son" (*wink*) to the village ranger, he was always pressured by his father to follow in his footsteps. Young Zyres would be taken on hunting trips he had little interest in, and whenever he voiced his discomfort his father's temper would fly off, going on tirades about the dangers of the wilderness. His father, Roderick, was not only the town's ranger, he was often its mockery. The other folk would poke fun at his paranoia, and call him the town drunk, but for all their contempt they could not deny his skills as a hunter. Zyres just wanted to be a normal kid, he loathed the attention his father's eccentricities brought him outside the house, and then the insurmountable goals set by his father at home.
     
    In all this, Zyres's only companion was his one true friend, Leon, the baker's son. Leon and Zyres were very different, but their bond was stronger than mithril. Leon was the one who, by pure chance, introduced Zyres to his passion in life. Leon tricked Zyres into performing as the lead role in town's harvest festival by volunteering for the role himself, then claiming he was too sick to perform and that it wouldn't be a big deal since Zyres'd be wearing a mask anyway. After some classic teenage peer pressuring, Zyres agreed. When he took the stage, he expected to be crushed by the stares of literally every soul in town. Instead, he felt calm, as if the mask was a dam, holding the pressure at bay. As soon as the lights dimmed, and the spotlight was on him, it was as if the rest of the world fell away. From that day on Zyres's only desire was to feel that free again, but alas, his father would have none of it.

Zyres bid his time, and when he turned 18, a traveling troupe came to town. One in particular stood out to him, a petite frame, but when on stage she seemed larger than life itself. He knew what to do. The night the traveling performers left town, Zyres followed suite. It was the first time in his life he was thankful for his father's training, allowing Zyres to sneak out unnoticed even under his father's own nose. He took the bare minimum the survive in the wild, as his plan was to catch up with the caravan, join them, and hopefully meet the one who so captivated his heart. A very simple plan, and it could have worked, if only it was a simpler world. It has now been 2 years since that fateful night... (can use those two years to tie into current story line in one way or another)