Intro:
	The lost hearths (hearts). Las vegas. Before the magical plague. Unknown origin. Dark cult, clumsy wizard. A lot died, but came back. The living struggle against undead. Resistance mounted. Rebuilding began. Lost vegas. Crime syndicates. "I" come in. Protect the town. Rumors of a cure. The lanz family, one of the crime families.
	Party currently: Just outside, in one of the districts called the lost hearths districts. Going out into the wasteland. Going to an address leading outside the walls. The wall protects against the undead horde.
	
Things: A decadent city. Gambling. ~1k pop. Stands out in the wasteland. The dead attack each night.

World: All races. 

Lvl 5
Nate. Slums
Jokers and Doc. Baron family
Families. Rule from the stolen heart district. Each family have different colors. Big three: THe lans (blue - own all the secrets - operate out of the blue locust - lead by enigmatic figure The Mask), The barons (Yellow & Gold - Leader: boss nass - the most powerful family of the three), the zan (most members, most bloodthirsty, want to be sole ruler - Leader: Lady Blood - casino/prostitution 10th Circle of hell).
Barons and Zan despise each other.
Phul family in the Heart District
The Ash family. They are powerful enough to rise to be part of the 3, but dont. Only 4 members.
4d6, drop lowest

The wastes. Ruled by the undead. Home to ravagers.
Weaponry: 

Lvl 5 Warlock
3 cantrips known 6 spells known 2 spell slots 3rd level 3 invocations known
Invocations:
Armor of shadows
Thirsting Blade
Devil's Sight
Cantrips:
Green (blue) flame blade (shot)
Prestidigitation
Minor Illusion
spells:
Armor of Agathys
hex
counterspell
darkness
misty step
invisibility

Jet Valentine, The blue shadow

sharpshooter

ravagers raided his home town while he was away. came back looking for them. found them settled in what was an old altar. and went to work, fueled by passionate rage and a longing to find his family. he was about to be overwhelmed, the ravagers upon him, when a voice reached out in glee. I could give you power, power enough to reach them. When he reached them it was too late, it had been to late days ago, and he knew this. he knew this yet he let the voice think it tricked him, because he still wanted that power. That power of vengeance. he was referred into the lans family. He was wandering the wastes of his own volition, killing ravagers whenever possible. Was drinking his days away when one of his old soldier friends told him he could be doing the same thing but getting paid.

been outside for around 3 months. visiting the different depots. I get a message from the mask. a gold embasse. sealed with drama and despair symbol. dark blue. "The blue locust".
Flowing cursive. Summons back to last vegas. "The cure" has been narrowed down to 1/3 sites. I should investigate the last one. Baron and Zaun involved. One address. The mask itself.

Found a skeletal arm. Found the "deadman"s skeleton. Leland Key. Met his end. Involved in "the cure". He is undead. Proveyor of knowledge. Stole things from the lans family.

Leland knows the Lans are looking for ways to control the undead.
Go into warehouse. Leland finds a trap door. we go down 10ft.
20 by 40 room. 4 paths.
We go west. Octagon room. Bunch of cells with ravagers, humans, undead.
East. Deadman Walking ciggarette factory.
south. locked door. nogear blew the lock open. 20 by 30 lined with chemistry sets. ends with an exit at the right wall far end.
	go through far wall. a large chamber, that seems empty but there is a very large vault door

*no gear storyline*
Nogear met the 2nd in command of the lans

Shots 0
0/5

New Oneshot
Lena's arsenal's arsenal
two dwarves. authelo(?) and grimtar(?)
