Intro:
	The lost hearths (hearts). Las vegas. Before the magical plague. Unknown origin. Dark cult, clumsy wizard. A lot died, but came back. The living struggle against undead. Resistance mounted. Rebuilding began. Lost vegas. Crime syndicates. "I" come in. Protect the town. Rumors of a cure. The lanz family, one of the crime families.
	Party currently: Just outside, in one of the districts called the lost hearths districts. Going out into the wasteland. Going to an address leading outside the walls. The wall protects against the undead horde.
	
Things: A decadent city. Gambling. ~1k pop. Stands out in the wasteland. The dead attack each night.

World: All races. 

Lvl 5
Nate. Slums
Jokers and Doc. Baron family
Families. Rule from the stolen heart district. Each family have different colors. Big three: THe lans (blue - own all the secrets - operate out of the blue locust - lead by enigmatic figure The Mask), The barons (Yellow & Gold - Leader: boss nass - the most powerful family of the three), the zan (most members, most bloodthirsty, want to be sole ruler - Leader: Lady Blood - casino/prostitution 10th Circle of hell).
Barons and Zan despise each other.
Phul family in the Heart District
The Ash family. They are powerful enough to rise to be part of the 3, but dont. Only 4 members.

The wastes. Ruled by the undead. Home to ravagers.

ravagers raided his home town while he was away. came back looking for them. found them settled in what was an old altar. and went to work, fueled by passionate rage and a longing to find his family. he was about to be overwhelmed, the ravagers upon him, when a voice reached out in glee. I could give you power, power enough to reach them. When he reached them it was too late, it had been to late days ago, and he knew this. he knew this yet he let the voice think it tricked him, because he still wanted that power. That power of vengeance. he was referred into the lans family. He was wandering the wastes of his own volition, killing ravagers whenever possible. Was drinking his days away when one of his old soldier friends told him he could be doing the same thing but getting paid.

Tauk uge(?) (nate).

Tries to fulfill his dead wife's desires to do some good in the world, in honor of her memory. However, as time goes on, his memory is twisted more and more by his solitude and his master's influence. Thus it isn't always clear what morality his actions will fall in.

Background: Soldier
True Name: Varisian Ethyriel

Snippet for the one shot: ravagers raided his home town while he was away. came back looking for them. found them settled in what was an old altar. and went to work, fueled by passionate rage and a longing to find his family. he was about to be overwhelmed, the ravagers upon him, when a voice reached out in glee. I could give you power, power enough to reach them. When he reached them it was too late, it had been to late days ago, and he knew this. he knew this yet he let the voice think it tricked him, because he still wanted that power. That power of vengeance. he was referred into the Lans(?) family. He was wandering the wastes of his own volition, killing ravagers whenever possible. Was drinking his days away when one of his old soldier friends told him he could be doing the same thing but getting paid.

His dead wife. His gun. His hatred for ravagers

Beliefs there isn't much of anything left to live for, he just doesn't want to give the demon his soul just yet. 